Toy Story 4 is about to hit theaters so
here's a quick refresher on everything
that happened in Toy Story 1 2 & 3 & 5
minutes or less Toy Story 1 introduces
viewers to a world where toys come alive
whenever humans aren't watching our
story follows a child named Andy and his
various toys there's ham the piggy bank
Rex the dinosaur slinky dog and mr.
Potato Head but the most popular and
beloved of all the toys is Sheriff Woody
life is good for woody he flirts with Bo
Peep he commands respect from the other
toys and he's Andy's favorite but his
world is turned upside down when Andy
gets a new toy for his birthday
Buzz Lightyear the other toys become
impressed by buzz and Andy begins to
favor him woody begins to feel abandoned
and worthless he grows envious of Buzz
and begins to alienate himself from the
other toys this jealousy leads to a
series of mishaps that results in Woody
and Buzz ending up in the possession of
Andy's sadistic teenage neighbor Sid not
only to Sid plan on launching Buzz into
space via fireworks rocket but Andy and
his family are moving to a new house
meaning if Buzz and Woody don't make it
back to him in time they might be lost
forever so the two toys end up working
together to make it back to Andy along
the way they become friends but not
before Buzz goes through an existential
crisis to realize he's not a real Space
Ranger and is in fact a toy so in the
end Woody and Buzz make it back to the
rest of their toy friends and into the
proper care of their rightful owner Andy
Torrey Story 2 picks up with the toy
gang in good spirits but everything is
thrown into disarray when Andy
accidentally rips Woody's arm while
playing with him
Andy heads off to cowboy camp leaving
the injured woody behind and adding even
more fuel to his abandonment issue fire
what Andy's mom puts fellow broken toy
wheezy up for sale at a yard sale
woody saves him but gets stolen by a
nefarious toy collector in the process
the toy collector al takes what he home
where it is revealed that woody is part
of a toy set based on a black and white
puppet show from the 1950s other toys in
the set include cowgirl Jesse bullseye
the horse and stinky Pete the prospector
owl plans to sell the toys to a museum
in
Tokio woody wants to escape to return
home but stinky Pete begins to poison
his mind you see Jesse once belonged to
a girl named Emily who outgrew and
abandoned her and I'm not crying you're
crying anyway Pete tells woody that just
like Emily abandoned Jesse so too will
Andy abandoned woody so what he resigns
to his fate to being sold to a museum
where he figures he will have some sort
of worth and value
luckily Woody's toy friends led by buzz
staged a rescue mission
buzz reminds woody that a toys purpose
is to be played with and they all band
together to defeat stinky Pete then
bring Jesse and bulls-eye home with them
to be a part of Andy's new toy
collection and that brings us to Toy
Story three several years have passes
Toy Story 2 and Andy is about to leave
home to go to college he plans on
stowing away his childhood toys in the
Attic but is going to take woody with
him unfortunately
Andy's mom mistakes the toys for trash
and throws them away the toys thinking
this was Andy's intention decided to
escape in a donation box to a local
daycare called Sunnyside woody follows
them but they don't believe him when he
assures them that Andy didn't mean to
throw them away
woody gets taken home by a nice
Sunnyside student named Bonnie where he
befriends her toys and learns of the
villainous nature of stuffed bear Lotso
Lotso runs all of the toys at Sunnyside
and forces Andy's toys to live in the
toddler room where they are horrified by
the toddler's rough and aggressive play
style when mrs. Potato Head uses an AI
she lost an Andy's room to see her owner
looking for his lost toys she realizes
what he was telling the truth and Andy
didn't mean to throw them away the toys
now want to escape Sunnyside and woody
arrives to help free them a fight
emerges between lot Zoe's gang and
Andy's toys resulting in them all being
carried away in a garbage truck
Lotso escapes but Andy's toys are placed
on a conveyor belt headed toward an
incinerator facing certain death
woody buzz and all of their toy friends
join hands to face a horrific fiery
death together and I'm definitely not
crying my eyes are just sweating
profusely
fortunately Andy's toys are saved by
deus ex alien claw and lots of suffers a
pretty horrific death for a children's
movie
in the end woody writes a note to Andy
which Andy believes was written by his
mother
this results in Andy donating all of his
toys to Bonnie he hesitates to actually
give woody away but ultimately relents
playing with woody one last time before
giving him up his childhood was over and
I'm gonna level with you I am crying
so with that Andy departs for college
while his toys stay in the delicate and
loving care of their new owner Bonnie
and that just about covers it
what are your favorite moments from the
Toy Story franchise which is your
favorite movie from the series let me
know in the comments below like this
video subscribe for more and I'll see
you in the next one